ENT-8810 - 'Improved node diagnostics' release note update for 4.10, text approved by Adel (#905)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.10/community/release-notes.md

The OpenTelemetry tracing signal is now supported in flows across nodes. For more information, see [OpenTelemetry](opentelemetry.md).

### Improved node diagnostics

This release includes improved node diagnostics:

> * Every five minutes, there is a thread dump to the log file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is a thread dump to the log file every five minutes.
```

Author: Done.

> * There is a periodic check to determine if the state machine thread pool seems to be blocked, and a warning is generated if so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is a periodic check to determine if the state machine thread pool is blocked and a warning is generated if so.
```

Author: Done.

> * Log messages are now output, on both nodes initiating flows on other flows and on the receiving nodes, to tie outgoing initiate sessions to their message ID and likewise for inbound initiate sessions to their message ID so logs across nodes can be more easily diagnosed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log messages are now output, both on the nodes initiating flows on other flows and also on the receiving nodes. This ties outgoing initiate sessions to their message ID and also inbound initiate sessions to their message ID. This enables easier diagnosis of logs across nodes.
```
